{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
\cssrgb\c25882\c25882\c25882;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26440\viewh14440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 VAMPIRE CAT EATS THE RICH\
\
Player is a cat.\
Cat gets got by poor vampire\
Cat now hates poor people.\
\
STORY BRANCH!\
Cat is hungry\'85 Will he forgive the poor?\
YES || NO\
\
If NO\
Cat Hungry meter \'85\'85.\
\
Will cat get desperate?\
YES || NO\
\
\
It was a chilly Thursday evening in Transylvania. 12 degrees C to be exact. You are a small, hungry alley cat just wanting to find a warm meal and a place to sleep.\
Families have just finished their meals and are heading home for the night. No one happened to notice the cute little creature curled up behind trash bins. Except a very pale fellow with bright red eyes and a wicked smile. He was wearing a musty vest with missing buttons, and what looked like dried spaghetti sauce. He reached down to pick up the cat. You assume he just wants a cuddle! YOU ARE WRONG. HAHAHAHA\
\
This hobo looking of a guy is a vampire!!! *gasp* He sinks his teeth into your scruff, You scream! and you black out\'85..\
\
\
*Cat wakes up*\
\
You wake up feeling really\'85 different\'85 \
You\'92re still hungry but have a new craving\'85\
You\'92re tired of taste garbage. You\'92d rather DIE than eat more garbage.\
What did that homeless vampire do to you?!\
\
\
You venture off to the sidewalk and find yourself infant of the best Italian restaurant in all of Romania.\
A wealthy family is walking out to their Bugatti with the flashy rims.\
The mother was wearing a long mink coat with lots are large pearls.\
The father was wearing his best English oxfords and his family heirloom; a golden pocket watch from his great-great grand uncle Henry IV\
The son had a surprisingly large book in his hands and a face that even a grandmother would want to punch.\
And their daughter a sissy little bitch, always got want she wanted. And she LOVED cats!\
\
The daughter notices you stalking them from behind the valet counter.\
As their Bugatti rolls up, the daughter sneaks you into the car with her!\
\
YOU CHOOSE:\
You meow very loud in excited for your new \'91family\'92\
OR\
You stay very quiet until you reach your destination\
\
\
IF YOU CHOOSE 1:\
You startle everyone in the car!\
BIANCA!!!!!! DID YOU SNATCH A CAT AGAIN?!\
Bianca: but Dad! This one is perfect!! Look how cute it is!\
\
IF YOU CHOOSE 2:\
You sit quietly in the little girls lap as she happily pets you. Her brother is so engrossed in his book that he doesn\'92t notice.\
\
You arrive at their\'85 MANSION?! \
Where do you want to explore first?\
CHOOSE:\
The kitchen,\
Dad\'92s study,\
Bianca\'92s room,\
The courtyard.\
\
IF YOU CHOOSE:\
The kitchen: You walk the kitchen and are greeted by the personal chef!\
Chef: Aw what a cute little kitty! Did Bianca bring you home?\
As the chef reaches down to pet you, YOU BITE HER HAND.\
The chef smacks you! OUCH!! she exclaims as she runs to the restroom to tend to her fresh wound.\
\
Dad\'92s study: You walk into a very cozy atmosphere. You notice  A large window is outline by floor to ceiling bookshelves. The faint sound a a fireplace crackles near the  genuine leather sofa that the maid seems to be very fond of. with a long cherry oak desk  sits in the center with a large expensive monitor \
\
YOU CHOOSE:\
Jump on the couch.\
OR \
Jump on the desk.\
OR \
Leave the room.\
\
IF YOU CHOOSE:\
Jump on couch: You jump on the couch which is supringsingly very comfy. You decide this is a perfect place to sharpen your claws!\
SCRAAAAAAATCH\
\
Jump on the desk: You decide to jump on the desk for a better look around. Thats a nice looking keyboard! It would be a shame if it got\'85 wet\
That reminds me! Wheres the nearest litter box?!\
\
Leave the room: You decide to leave the room. I wonder what else this mansion has to offer?\
\
Bianca\'92s room\
\
\
The courtyard: You decide to check out the courtyard! The door outside was left open by the mom and son. You notice the little boy sitting in a overly pillowed patio chair reading that dang book again.\
\
YOU CHOOSE: \
Bite the shit out the kid\
 OR \
Go see what the mom is doing\
\
IF YOU CHOOSE: \
Bite the kid: You bite the little boy! He screams! His blood tastes like a fancy 4 course meal at the best restaurant in France. It was smooth and very easy on the palette. The aroma is one to die for or rather to KILL for.\
\
Go see what the mom is doing: You stroll over to the mothers who is tending to her flower garden. She seem especially of her petunias this year. \
\
YOU CHOOSE:\
Bite the mom\
OR\
Eat her flowers and throw up on her shoes\
\
\
Bite the mom: YOU BITE THE MOTHER! Her blood is comparable to that of a steak and lobster feast with bottomless wine.\
\
WHOEVER YOU BITE THEN SEARCHES FOR YOU AFTER CLEANING THEIR WOUNDS AND THROWS YOU OUT.\
\
You catch the trolley to the next town over.\
\
On your ride you start to feel very hungry again. You find yourself dreaming of biting the rich family once more.. \
As you hop off the the trolley you become aware of many bugger and chimney sweeps active in the town.\
\
You can here your stomach growling\'85\
HUNGER METER:\
\
YOU CHOOSE:\
Bite the homeless begger,\
Bite the chimney sweeps,\
Bite the butcher\
Bite the shoe shiner\
\
\
\
YUCK. That was the worst thing I\'92ve ever tasted in my life! And I used to eat literal garbage! What is this madness?!\
\
You decide to bite another person in this town.\
\
EWW what is wrong with these people! They all taste like\'85 *gags* They taste like poverty\'85 If poverty had a taste, this is what poverty would taste like\'85\
\
\
You hop back on the trolley  hoping for a better destination. You nap\'85.\
The trolley drops you off near a soccer field!\
Maybe these people will taste better?\
\
\
You walk through a parking lot full of Toyotas, minivans, mini coopers, and pruis.\
\
There must be a soccer game about to start!\
\
He head over to the field and find yourself a women with overly blonde highlights handing out Gatorade to kids in soccer uniforms!\
The women is wearing a blue zip up hoodie that reads \'93#SoccerMom\'94 and blue jeans with her hair tied back in a messy bun.\
You notice the man in the black and white striped shirt wearing a whistle around his neck. You wonder if the whistle is because he\'92s a cat trainer? \
Theres a kid sitting on the sidelines pouting as he is obviously uninterested in the game.\
\
YOU CHOOSE:\
Bite the women\
Raid the cooler\
Bite a soccer kid\
Bite man\
\
\
IF YOU CHOOSE:\
Raid the cooler: You run away with the food!\
You take on bite and immediately	 spit the food out\
BUT Youre a vampire now! You can\'92t eat Doritos! All you crave is blood!\
\
\'97\'97end back into bite loop\'97\'97\
\
Bite the women: You bite the women! She goes \'93OWWWW\'94 Thats a very naughty kitten!\
\
\
\
\
\
\
	\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  /\\_/\\\
( 
\f2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \'95`_\'b4\'95  
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 )\
 >
\f3\fs24 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 v
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ^
\f3\fs24 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 v
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 <\
}